I've been staring at the edge of the water
'Long as I can remember, never really knowing why
I wish I could be the perfect daughter
But I come back to the water, no matter how hard I try
Every turn I take, every trail I track
Every path I make, every road leads back
To the place I know, where I cannot go, where I long to be
See the line where the sky meets the sea? It calls me
And no one knows, how far it goes
If the wind in my sail on the sea stays behind me
One day I'll know
If I go, there's just no telling how far I'll go
I know everybody on this island seems so happy, on this island
Everything is by design
I know everybody on this island has a role on this island
So maybe I can roll with mine
I can lead with pride, I can make us strong
I'll be satisfied if I play along
But the voice inside sings a different song
What is wrong with me?
See the light as it shines on the sea? It's blinding
But no one knows, how deep it goes
And it seems like it's calling out to me, so come find me
And let me know
What's beyond that line? Will I cross that line?
The line where the sky meets the sea? It calls me
And no one knows, how far it goes
If the wind in my sail on the sea stays behind me
One day I'll know
How far I'll go

The snow glows white on the mountain tonight
Not a footprint to be seen
A kingdom of isolation
And it looks like I'm the queen
The wind is howling like this swirling storm inside
Couldn't keep it in, heaven knows I tried
Don't let them in, don't let them see
Be the good girl you always have to be
Conceal, don't feel, don't let them know
Well, now they know
Let it go, let it go
Can't hold it back anymore
Let it go, let it go
Turn away and slam the door
I don't care what they're going to say
Let the storm rage on
The cold never bothered me anyway
It's funny how some distance makes everything seem small
And the fears that once controlled me can't get to me at all
It's time to see what I can do
To test the limits and break through
No right, no wrong, no rules for me
I'm free
Let it go, let it go
I am one with the wind and sky
Let it go, let it go
You'll never see me cry
Here I stand and here I stay
Let the storm rage on
My power flurries through the air into the ground
My soul is spiraling in frozen fractals all around
And one thought crystallizes like an icy blast
I'm never going back, the past is in the past
Let it go, let it go
And I'll rise like the break of dawn
Let it go, let it go
That perfect girl is gone
Here I stand in the light of day
Let the storm rage on
The cold never bothered me anyway

Paradigm:-
A paradigm can also be termed as a method to solve a problem or accomplish a task. 
A programming paradigm is an approach to solving a problem using a specific programming language. 
In other words, it is a methodology for problem-solving using the tools and techniques available to us, following a particular approach. 
While there are many programming languages, each of them typically adheres to one or more paradigms that guide how the language is implemented.

These methodologies or strategies are referred to as programming paradigms. Apart from the variety of programming languages available, 
there are several paradigms that address different demands and challenges in software development.

Imperative programming paradigm: It is one of the oldest programming paradigm. It features close relation to machine architecture. 
It is based on Von Neumann architecture. It works by changing the program state through assignment statements. It performs step by step task by changing state. 
The main focus is on how to achieve the goal. The paradigm consist of several statements and after execution of all the result is stored.

Procedural programming paradigm – 
This paradigm emphasizes on procedure in terms of under lying machine model. There is no difference in between procedural and imperative approach. 
It has the ability to reuse the code and it was boon at that time when it was in use because of its reusability.

Object oriented programming – 
The program is written as a collection of classes and object which are meant for communication. 
The smallest and basic entity is object and all kind of computation is performed on the objects only. 
More emphasis is on data rather procedure. It can handle almost all kind of real life problems which are today in scenario.

Parallel processing approach – 
Parallel processing is the processing of program instructions by dividing them among multiple processors. 
A parallel processing system posses many numbers of processor with the objective of running a program in less time by dividing them. 
This approach seems to be like divide and conquer. Examples are NESL (one of the oldest one) and C/C++ also supports because of some library function.

Declarative programming paradigm: 
It is divided as Logic, Functional, Database. In computer science the declarative programming is a style of building programs 
that expresses logic of computation without talking about its control flow. It often considers programs as theories of some logic.
It may simplify writing parallel programs. The focus is on what needs to be done rather how it should be done basically emphasize on what code is actually doing.
It just declares the result we want rather how it has be produced. This is the only difference between imperative (how to do) and declarative (what to do) 
programming paradigms. 
Getting into deeper we would see logic, functional and database.

Logic programming paradigms – 
It can be termed as abstract model of computation. It would solve logical problems like puzzles, series etc. In logic programming we have a knowledge base 
which we know before and along with the question and knowledge base which is given to machine, it produces result. In normal programming languages, such concept
of knowledge base is not available but while using the concept of artificial intelligence, machine learning we have some models like Perception model which is 
using the same mechanism. 
In logical programming the main emphasize is on knowledge base and the problem. The execution of the program is very much like proof of mathematical statement, 
e.g., Prolog

Functional programming paradigms – 
The functional programming paradigms has its roots in mathematics and it is language independent. 
The key principle of this paradigms is the execution of series of mathematical functions. The central model for the abstraction is the function which are meant 
for some specific computation and not the data structure. Data are loosely coupled to functions.The function hide their implementation. 
Function can be replaced with their values without changing the meaning of the program. Some of the languages like perl, javascript mostly uses this paradigm.

Database/Data driven programming approach – 
This programming methodology is based on data and its movement. Program statements are defined by data rather than hard-coding a series of steps. 
A database program is the heart of a business information system and provides file creation, data entry, update, query and reporting functions. 
There are several programming languages that are developed mostly for database application. For example SQL. It is applied to streams of structured data, 
for filtering, transforming, aggregating (such as computing statistics), or calling other programs. So it has its own wide application.